Wait a minute.
Out of the way!
Xu Thien is a person of our Hengtai Group.
You are the chairman of Hengtai Group.
What's the news?
Ha Thi Di, why are you here?
Is there a problem?
Don't forget, you sent me a letter in college.
But here I am.
Don't worry.
Giang is always so early in the morning.
Dealing with a laid-off employee
Giang Vinh Group is really a great prestige.
General Director Xiao we are talking at a high level.
Have your talk job.
The head's idea is mine.
What can't be said
Moreover, it is this Promise that deliberately undermines your project.
Caused the current accident of our company.
I handled it like that no problem.
Giang's friendship
Did you ask your father?
What is the reason for the promise?
I asked.
So what?
A thief steals someone else's work and becomes his own achievement.
Stealing someone else's work.
That's what the thief Giang said.
That's what my father said.
Is there a problem?
All right.
Then I have nothing to say.
God, they'll ask you.
Kick you out now.
Hengtai Group we absolutely will not
Do you want to join our Hengtai Group?
Hengtai Group uses 20% stake
And 10 million annual salary to hire you.
20% of staff
Annual salary
When's the right time? Do you know what you're talking about?
It's not about money.
What's going on?